DOC-2080 Bug fixes to CENM deployment pages. (#505)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/1.5/cenm/deployment-kubernetes.md

### Compatibility

The deployment scripts are compatible with Corda Enterprise Network Manager version 1.3, 1.4, and 1.5 only.

> The deployed network runs on Kubernetes minimum version 1.16.9 and Helm minimum version 3.1.1.

Author: ```suggestion
The deployed network runs on Kubernetes minimum version 1.16.10 and Helm minimum version 3.7.2.
```
@ceebee-dev, is this right ^? If so, I will change for all files.

> The deployed network runs on Kubernetes minimum version 1.16.9 and Helm minimum version 3.1.1.

Author: New ticket raised on: https://r3-cev.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-3904

#### 3. Create storage class and namespace

Run the following instruction once the previous points have been cleared. These examples use the namespace **cenm**:

```bash
kubectl apply -f ./k8s/storage-class-[aws|azure].yaml

> kubectl apply -f ./k8s/rbac.yaml

Reviewer: See comments for 1.4

# These Helm charts trigger public IP allocation
helm install cenm-idman-ip idman-ip --set prefix=cenm
helm install cenm-notary-ip notary-ip --set prefix=cenm

> helm install cenm-gateway-ip gateway-ip --set prefix=cenm

Reviewer: There doesn't seem to be for the latest release/1.5  branch.

> helm install cenm-gateway-ip gateway-ip --set prefix=cenm

Reviewer 2: We should remove this line

> helm install cenm-gateway-ip gateway-ip --set prefix=cenm

Author: Removed in 1.5 and 1.4.

{{< table >}}

> | Service           | Image name                                                  |

Reviewer 2: In all `deployment-kubernetes-<service>.md` files under `1.5/cenm/`, the image tag does not match the latest release and is `1.5` instead. Do we want to update those entries with this list?

Author: Have made all changes to 1.5, CE 4.7, and CE 4.8.
